Expose named export (fix TypeScript>=4.8 with native ESM) (#207)
fastify/fluent-json-schema: README.md

  .valueOf()
```

### ESM

> A named export is also aviable to work with native ESM modules (aka `Node16` or `NodeNext`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A named export is also available to work with native ESM modules:
```
